chore: add ADOPTERS.md per KSC/Graduation discussion (#1048)
kubeflow/model-registry: ADOPTERS.md

# Adopters of Kubeflow Model Registry

> Below are the adopters of project Model Registry. If you are using Model Registry please add yourself into the following list by a pull request. Please keep the list in alphabetical order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the adopters of the Model Registry project. If you are using Model Registry, please add your name to the list by submitting a pull request. Ensure the list remains in alphabetical order.
```

wdyt @tarilabs ?

Author: I have an additional amendment, will add as followup
